Jaden: LAST TIME,
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
ATENCION.
SHOULD ALEXIS
LOSE THIS DUEL,
IT'S AU REVOIR,
RED DORM.
NOT GONNA HAPPEN,
FOLKS.
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Jaden: HEY!
THAT'S MY LINE.
HUH?
DID EVERYONE MISS ME?
IT'S JADEN!
LEMME TAKE
YOUR PLACE.
I NEED
TO DO THIS.
HUH?
IT'S A REMATCH!
THE PRESS WILL LOVE THIS!
UGH.
ELEMENTAL HERO,
AQUA NEOS!
YOUR MARTIAN MUTANT
IS NOTHING
NEXT TO MY
DESTINY HEROES!
REALLY? 'CAUSE
I COULD'VE SWORN...
NEOS!
WHERE DID HE GO?
WE'RE KIND OF
IN THE MIDDLE OF
SOMETHING, HERE!
SINCE YOU'RE
FRESH OUT OF MONSTERS,
I'LL ASSUME YOU'RE DONE.
SO NOW I'LL SHOW YOU
WHAT REAL HEROES CAN DO!
A TRIPLE ATTACK!
UH!
OH!
UH...
SOON YOU'LL LOSE
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
THEN YOU'LL LOSE
YOUR DORM!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
OH...
MAN, TALK ABOUT
A LANDSLIDE.
I GUESS I'VE GOT
A LOT TO LEARN
ABOUT MY NEW DECK.
FOR ONE, AQUA NEOS
HAS A SERIOUS WEAKNESS.
HE ONLY STICKS AROUND
FOR ONE TURN.
WISH I KNEW THAT
A FEW MINUTES AGO.
ALL I HAVE LEFT
OF MY FATHER
ARE THE DESTINY HEROES
HE CREATED.
AND NOW THAT HE'S GONE,
I OWE IT TO HIM
TO DEFEAT EVERYONE
THAT STANDS IN MY WAY.
ALL RIGHT,
ENOUGH THINKING.
IT'S ABOUT TIME
FOR SOME ACTION!
Jaden: SO I PLAY
ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLE MAN!
AND GET THIS...
SINCE HE'S THE ONLY
CARD IN MY HAND,
BUBBLE MAN COUNTS
AS A SPECIAL SUMMON!
AND SINCE HE'S
ALONE ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED
TO DRAW 2 CARDS!
AWESOME! I JUST
DREW POT OF GREED,
SO I PICK UP
2 MORE CARDS.
[GROWLS]
AND ONE OF THEM'S
BUBBLE BLASTER!
GO ME!
NOW MY BUBBLE MAN
GETS 800 EXTRA POINTS!
AND NOW I'D LIKE
TO INTRODUCE
A SURPRISE GUEST!
MAKING HIS DEBUT
HERE ON PLANET EARTH,
IT'S NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD!
WHO KNEW THERE WERE
GIANT WOODPECKERS
IN OUTER SPACE!
PRETTY SWEET
THREADS,
DON'T YOU THINK?
OR SHOULD I SAY
FEATHERS?
A WISE MOVE,
JADEN.
NOW LET US WIN.
ALL RIGHT,
HUMMINGBIRD.
DO YOUR THING!
HONEY SUCK!
HUH?
I KNOW IT LOOKS WEIRD,
BUT IT'S ACTUALLY
A PRETTY RAD
SPECIAL ABILITY.
FOR EACH CARD
IN YOUR HAND,
MY HUMMINGBIRD
SUCKS OUT 500 POINTS...
AND I GET 'EM!
IT'S GONNA TAKE
MORE THAN THAT!
I KNOW,
LIKE THIS GUY...
BUBBLE MAN!
AND REMEMBER,
MY HUMMINGBIRD
DIDN'T ATTACK YET!
WELL, UNTIL NOW...
SLAUGHTERING SWOOP!
AND NOW,
I'LL GO AHEAD
AND THROW THIS DOWN,
AND GIVE YOU A SHOT.
WHAT A COMEBACK!
JADEN ALMOST LOST,
AND NOW HE'S
ACTUALLY WINNING!
THAT'S JADEN.
IF HE'S GOT 1 THING,
IT'S A FLARE FOR THE DRAMATIC,
WOULDN'T YOU SAY?
NICE ONE!
WELL PLAYED,
SARGE!
WHATEVER.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF
YOUR LAME SPACE CADETS.
I PREFER TO DUEL
IN THE REAL WORLD!
SO NOW, I ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL CARD
DARK CITY!
[RUMBLING]
A LITTLE CHANGE OF SCENERY
NEVER HURT, RIGHT?
NOW IF A DESTINY HERO'S WEAKER
THAN THE OPPOSING MONSTER,
THEN IT GAINS 1,000
ATTACK POINTS!
PRETTY SWEET CARD,
ASTER.
NICELY PLAYED.
THERE'S MORE!
I'M DITCHING DIAMOND DUDE
TO SUMMON THIS!
DESTINY HERO DOUBLE DUDE!
ATTACK BUBBLE MAN!
AND DON'T FORGET...
THANKS TO MY
DARK CITY SPELL,
HE GETS A POWER BOOST!
NOW BURST HIS BUBBLE!
DID YOU FORGET
HIS BLASTER?
INSTEAD OF MY
BUBBLE MAN GOING BOOM,
HIS BLASTER DOES!
I KNOW THAT,
BUT YOU FORGOT!
MY DOUBLE DUDE
GETS A DOUBLE ATTACK!
SO HERE'S ROUND 2.
BYE BYE, BIRDIE.
HUMMINGBIRD!
I'LL TOSS THIS FACE DOWN
AND GIVE YOU A BREAK.
NOT BAD, BUT...
CHECK THIS OUT!
IT'S MY GRACEFUL
CHARITY!
SO I PICK UP 3,
AND TOSS OUT 2.
THEN I'LL REVEAL...
DISGRACEFUL CHARITY!
HERE'S THE DEAL.
FOR THIS ROUND ONLY,
ANY CARDS THAT
WE HAPPEN TO DISCARD,
COME BACK TO OUR HANDS!
NEXT, I'LL PLAY THIS...
COMMON SOUL!
THANKS TO THIS
LITTLE SPELL CARD,
I CAN SUMMON THIS...
MY NEO-SPACIAN HERO
FLARE SCARAB!
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR
ALIEN FRIENDS?
YOU BETCHA!
AND YOU'RE RIGHT,
THESE GUYS ARE
MY FRIENDS!
IN FACT,
I DIDN'T FIND THEM,
THESE HEROES
FOUND ME!
I MEAN,
HOW COOL IS THAT?
YOU'RE NUTS!
YOU DUEL
IN A FANTASY WORLD.
WELL, IT'S ABOUT TIME
YOU GREW UP!
I DUEL BY USING
THE POWER OF DESTINY,
AND I NEVER LOSE!
YOU'RE FORGETTING
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING.
DUELING IS ABOUT MAKING
FRIENDS AND HAVING A BLAST,
ISN'T IT?
THAT'S WHY YOUR DAD
STARTED DESIGNING CARDS
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
JADEN'S RIGHT.
MY FATHER CREATED
THE DESTINY HEROES
TO MAKE ME HAPPY.
WHAT WOULD HE THINK
OF ME NOW?
MAYBE THAT'S
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME.
EVERY TIME I USE
MY DESTINY HEROES,
ALL I FEEL IS PAIN.
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?
LOOK AT HIM!
WHY IS HE JUST
STANDING THERE?
DO SOMETHING,
FOR PETE'S SAKE!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE IN CHARGE OF
THIS SCHOOL!
HEY, CHILL OUT!
NO ONE CAN CONCENTRATE
WITH ALL THAT YELLING,
SO TAKE IT DOWN A FEW!
LISTEN, GARCON.
THE ONLY THING
WE'LL BE TAKING DOWN
IS YOUR DORM
AS SOON AS YOU LOSE!
HUH...
WAIT A SEC.
I SHOULD BE USING
MY HEROES FOR GOOD,
NOT TO CAUSE DESTRUCTION.
OTHERWISE, I'M NO
BETTER THAN THE THUGS
WHO TOOK MY FATHER.
BACK TO THE DUEL!
FLARE SCARAB,
YOU'RE UP, PAL!
ACTIVATE
SMOLDER SURGE!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
FOR EVERY TRAP
AND SPELL CARD
THAT'S ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
MY FLARE SCARAB GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS!
RAAHH!
AND NEXT, THANKS TO
MY COMMON SOUL,
FLARE SCARAB IS ABLE
TO HELP OUT ONE OF
HIS PEEPS
BY SHARING
HIS ATTACK POINTS!
AAH!
AND NOW,
BUBBLE MAN!
TAKE DOWN
HIS DOUBLE DUDE!
NO BIGGIE,
I'LL JUST PLAY THIS...
DESTINY SIGNAL!
YOU REMEMBER, RIGHT?
IF ONE OF MY MONSTERS
GETS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE THIS
TO SUMMON A DESTINY HERO
FROM MY HAND OR DECK.
SO CHECK OUT MY
DESTINY HERO DEFENDER!
NOT BAD.
THAT'S A WHOLE LOT
OF DEFENSE POINTS
FOR ONE HERO.
TOLD YOU.
MY DESTINY HEROES ARE
THE COOLEST CARDS IN THE GAME,
AND YOU HAVEN'T EVEN
SEEN THEM ALL YET!
BUT, UH... THANKS
FOR THE PROPS, I GUESS.
ANYWAY... MY MOVE!
NOW GET THIS.
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
MY DOUBLE DUDE,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES.
WHEN IT GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
2 DOUBLE DUDE TOKENS
SHOW UP ON THE FIELD
TO TAKE HIS PLACE!
NEXT, I PLAY MYSTICAL
SPACE TYPHOON!
NICE WEATHER WE'RE
HAVING, ISN'T IT?
BUT YOUR SPACE MEN
MIGHT NOT AGREE.
OH, NO!
BUT I LOVED
THAT GUY.
DON'T FORGET... WITHOUT HIM,
BUBBLE MAN GETS WEAKER.
GO!
TOKEN ONE, ATTACK!
AND NOW...
TOKEN NUMBER 2,
YOUR TURN!
AAH... UH!
[GROANS]
AND THAT'S THAT.
OH, MAN.
HE'S GOT
NO RESERVES!
AU REVOIR, KID!
IF I KNOW JADEN,
HE HAS A PLAN!
ALL RIGHT,
HERE GOES.
AND THANKS
TO YOUR DEFENDER,
I CAN DRAW 2 CARDS
INSTEAD OF ONE!
Jaden: I'LL START
WITH THE SHALLOW GRAVE!
NOW WE EACH PICK A MONSTER
FROM OUR GRAVEYARD,
AND BRING HIM BACK
TO THE FIELD.
BUT THEY HAVE TO BE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO I CHOOSE MY HERO KID!
AND WHEN THIS KID
IS SPECIAL SUMMONED,
GUESS WHAT?
2 MORE LITTLE
HERO DUDES CAN JOIN HIM!
SO NOW IT'S TIME
FOR A TRIPLE THREAT!
HAH!
COME ON.
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
THOSE LITTLE BRATS
HAVE A SHOT AGAINST
MY DESTINY HEROES,
LIKE DREAD MASTER?
AND WHEN THIS
BIG GUY'S HERE,
ALL OF MY NON-DESTINY
HEROES RUN FOR COVER!
BUT OF COURSE,
THEY GET REPLACED
WITH 2 NEW HEROES!
LIKE MY DIAMOND DUDE...
AND CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
AND DREADMASTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS...
ARE EQUAL TO THE SUM
OF THE ATTACK POINTS
OF DIAMOND DUDE
AND CAPTAIN TENACIOUS!
WHAT A COINCIDENCE!
I'M ABOUT TO BRING BACK
AN OLD FRIEND ALSO...
MY FLARE SCARAB!
AND THANKS
TO DARK CITY,
HE GETS POINTS, TOO!
FLARE SCARAB,
ATTACK HIS CAPTAIN, NOW!
WITH FLAMING ARROW!
I'LL THROW DOWN
2 FACE DOWNS,
AND CALL IT A TURN!
THAT'S IT?
HOW LAME.
WATCH THE PRO.
POT OF GREED!
I PICK UP 2 CARDS,
AND SACRIFICE
DREADMASTER!
PLUS MY DEFENDER
AND DIAMOND DUDE!
NOW I CAN PLAY
MY DESTINY HERO DOGMA!
NOW THAT'S WHAT
I CALL A MONSTER!
GREAT SCOTT!
OH, MAN!
SAM HILL!
WHY DON'T I HAVE
A CATCH PHRASE?
NOW, DOGMA,
ATTACK HIS FLARE SCARAB!
DESTROY HIM!
YOU TRIGGERED
MY TRAP!
KID GUARD!
THANKS TO THIS,
I CAN SACRIFICE ONE
OF MY HERO KIDS
IN ORDER TO CANCEL
YOUR ATTACK.
AND THEN
I CAN GRAB AN
ELEMENTAL HERO CARD
FROM ANYWHERE
INSIDE MY DECK!
I WON'T LET YOUR
SACRIFICE BE IN VAIN.
JADEN, YOU MUST HARNESS
THE POWER OF NEOS!
HMM...
IT COMES DOWN TO THIS!
I CHOOSE MY ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS TO JOIN MY HAND!
WELL, I'LL DROP
A FACE DOWN,
AND END MY TURN.
REMEMBER, FOR EVERY
FACE DOWN CARD YOU PLAY,
MY SCARAB GETS STRONGER!
ALL RIGHT, GO TIME!
NOT SO FAST!
GO, DOGMA!
AAH!
DIDN'T
I TELL YOU?
DOGMA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
CUTS YOUR LIFE
POINTS IN HALF,
EVERY
STANDBY PHASE.
AAH!
HE'S ALMOST OUT
OF POINTS, GUYS!
THIS AIN'T GOOD!
ONE HIT,
AND IT'S ALL OVER.
THE KID'S
FLAMBE!
I CAN'T WATCH!
HA HA HA, NOT BAD.
BUT I GOT SOME
FIGHT LEFT IN ME.
COME ON.
THERE'S NOT A CARD IN
YOUR DECK THAT CAN SAVE YOU.
WELL, MAYBE NOT
IN MY OLD DECK,
BUT THIS ONE'S
ANOTHER STORY!
IN FACT, WHY DON'T
I SHOW YOU...
BY BUSTING OUT
A NEW HERO THAT NO ONE'S
EVER SEEN BEFORE!
WHAT NEW HERO?
YOU'LL SEE,
BUT FIRST...
I PLAY THE FIELD SPELL
NEO SPACE!
MY DARK CITY!
THIS CARD
INCREASES THE POWER
OF MY ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS BY 500!
BUT YOU'RE PROBABLY
ASKING YOURSELF THIS...
WHERE IS NEOS?
THE ANSWER IS,
HE'S RIGHT UP THERE!
AND LIKE
I SAID BEFORE,
HIS ATTACK POINTS RISE.
SO WHAT?
IT STILL
DOESN'T STAND UP
TO MY DOGMA!
NOT YET.
BUT WHO SAID
I WAS DONE?
NOW, WHERE WAS I?
OH, RIGHT! I'M CREATING
A NEW MONSTER...
BY COMBINING
THESE TWO TOGETHER!
THAT'S AGAINST
THE RULES!
IT'S CALLED CONTACT
FUSION, AND IT'S LEGIT.
YOU SEE, NEO-SPACIANS
CAN MERGE WITHOUT
A POLYMERIZATION CARD.
WAIT A SEC...
I REMEMBER THIS FEELING.
[LAUGHS]
IT'S LIKE... YEARS BACK,
WHEN I WAS A KID,
AND DUELING
WAS STILL FUN.
SO THIS IS
YOUR NEW HERO.
THAT'S HIM.
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLARE NEOS.
AND GUESS WHAT?
MY FLARE NEOS GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP ON THE FIELD.
PRETTY COOL
EFFECT, RIGHT?
SO THERE ARE 3 CARDS
ON THE FIELD,
PLUS THE ONE
I JUST PLAYED,
GIVING HIM
1,600 EXTRA POINTS!
THAT'S ENOUGH
TO BEAT MY DOGMA!
YUP, THAT'S
THE WHOLE POINT!
FLARE NEOS, ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE "D" SHIELD!
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S A TRAP CARD.
NOW, WHEN A DESTINY
HERO'S ATTACKED,
IT SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE,
AND IT STAYS
ON THE FIELD!
AWESOME, PRETTY
SWEET TRAP... FOR REAL.
THANK YOU.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
FLATTERY'S NOT GONNA
GET YOU ANYWHERE.
STAND BACK!
I'M GUESSING THAT YOUR
NEO SPACE FIELD CARD
KEEPS YOUR MONSTER
FROM VANISHING AGAIN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AS LONG AS THIS
CARD'S IN PLAY,
EVEN THOUGH HE'S FUSED
WITH SOMETHING ELSE,
NEOS WILL BE STICKING
AROUND THIS TIME.
NOT QUITE.
MY DOGMA AND I HAVE
OTHER PLANS FOR HIM.
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
I SWITCHED DOGMA
TO ATTACK MODE,
SO STAND UP!
AND THEN, I'LL EQUIP HIM
WITH THIS SPELL CARD...
HEAVY STORM BLADE!
REMEMBER, EVERY TIME
A NEW SPELL CARD IS PLAYED,
FLARE NEOS GETS MORE
POINTS... 400 MORE!
YOU THINK I CARE?
PLEASE.
NOT AS LONG
AS I KNOW THAT
DESTINY'S GOT MY BACK!
NOW, ATTACK!
WHAT?
THAT'S WEIRD.
YES, ASTER'S MONSTER
IS WEAKER THAN JADEN'S.
WELL,
THEN WHY WOULD
HE ENGAGE HIM?
EXCELLENT QUESTION.
AND I CAN ANSWER IT
WITH JUST 4 WORDS...
MY HEAVY STORM BLADE!
NOW SEE FOR YOURSELVES!
WHENEVER A MONSTER
THAT'S EQUIPPED
WITH HEAVY STORM BLADE
ATTACKS,
EVERY SINGLE TRAP AND
SPELL CARD ON THE FIELD
IS INSTANTLY DESTROYED!
NO WAY!
TRE MAGNIFIQUE!
TELL ME
WHEN IT'S OVER!
AND NOW, NEOS LOSES
A FEW ATTACK POINTS!
NOW, ATTACK!
NO FAIR!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
OH, YOU'RE WONDERING
WHY MY MONSTER
DIDN'T BITE THE
DUST, AREN'T YOU?
MAYBE.
I HATE TO
BREAK IT TO YA,
BUT IT'S YOUR
OWN FAULT.
SEE THIS?
YOU SENT IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD!
Jaden: AND WHEN SPELL
CALLING LEAVES THE FIELD,
I GET TO REPLACE IT WITH
2 NEW SPELL CARDS,
GIVING MY NEOS
A POWER BOOST!
IMPOSSIBLE!
THAT MEANS JADEN WINS.
AND SATORIOUS SAID
THAT I WAS DESTINED
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
COULD IT BE THAT JADEN
IS EVEN MORE POWERFUL
THAN DESTINY?
UH!
THAT'S GAME!
AND A SWEET ONE,
TOO.
HE WON!
WAY TO PLAY!
WELL DONE,
SOLDIER!
[LAUGHING]
THAT WAS QUITE
THE DUEL.
GOOD SHOW!
AND THANKS TO JADEN,
THE SLIFER DORM
IS SAFE NOW.
HEY, JAY!
YOU DESERVE
A MEDAL OF HONOR!
JADEN, I DON'T
SAY THIS MUCH...
BUT I'M IMPRESSED.
NOW LOOK, I DON'T INTEND
TO LOSE AGAIN.
SO YOU'D BETTER ENJOY
THIS MOMENT WHILE IT LASTS.
OF COURSE!
I'M GONNA MILK
THIS VICTORY
FOR ALL ITS WORTH!
I MEAN,
COME ON...
IT'S NOT EVERYDAY THAT
I BEAT THE PANTS OFF
AN UNDEFEATED
PRO DUELIST.
NOW HERE'S
HOW I SEE IT.
WE DON'T COUNT
OUR FIRST DUEL
SINCE YOU LET
ME WIN.
SO THAT MEANS
WE'RE TIED.
YEAH?
WELL NOT FOR
MUCH LONGER.
WE'VE BEEN DUPED.
A PROFESSIONAL
WHO CAN'T EVEN BEAT
A SLACKER?
THIS WHOLE THING
WAS A BIG FAUX PAS!
AT LEAST HE DECIDED NOT
TO ENROLL AS A STUDENT.
NOW WE CAN MOVE ON.
Aster: HEY...
AAH!
I KINDA
LIKE IT HERE.
MATTER OF FACT,
I THINK I'M GONNA
BE MOVIN' IN!
BUT I LIKE
TO SLEEP LATE,
SO NO CLASSES
BEFORE NOON.
OH, PLEASE...
WE WOULDN'T
DREAM OF IT!
WELCOME
ABOARD!
[RINGS]
Operator: THE NUMBER
YOU ARE TRYING TO REACH
IS NOT IN SERVICE.
NO FURTHER INFORMATION
IS AVAILABLE.
OK, I NEED SOME
ANSWERS, SATORIOUS.
WHERE ARE YOU?
AND WHAT'S THIS
SOCIETY OF LIGHT?
SO, ASTER,
HAVE YOU HEARD?
I'M IN THE CLUB...
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
I KNOW SATORIOUS
SENT YOU.
JUST HOW MANY SECRETS
HAVE YOU KEPT?
HOW MANY LIES
HAVE YOU TOLD?
I'M GONNA FIND OUT.
Aster: I HAVE A FEELING
I KNOW WHY YOU'RE
SO OBSESSED WITH JADEN.
HE'S NOT A THREAT TO ME,
HE'S A THREAT TO YOU!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪